# OnePlus Weather Service
com.oneplus.weather

# OnePlus File Manager
com.oneplus.filemanager

# OnePlus Account
com.oneplus.account

# OnePlus Membership
com.oneplus.membership

# OnePlus Work-Life Balance
com.oneplus.opwlb

# OnePlus AOD (Always On Display)
com.oplus.aod

# OnePlus App Recover
com.oplus.apprecover

# OnePlus Atlas
com.oplus.atlas

# OnePlus Cast
com.oplus.cast

# OnePlus Cosa
com.oplus.cosa

# OnePlus Crash Box
com.oplus.crashbox

# OnePlus Customize Core App
com.oplus.customize.coreapp

# OnePlus Deep Thinker
com.oplus.deepthinker

# OnePlus Encryption
com.oplus.encryption

# OnePlus Games
com.oplus.games

# OnePlus Hamlet
com.oplus.hamlet

# OnePlus Health Service
com.oplus.healthservice

# OnePlus Interconnect Collect Kit
com.oplus.interconnectcollectkit

# OnePlus Linker
com.oplus.linker

# OnePlus Location
com.oplus.location

# OnePlus Location Proxy
com.oplus.locationproxy

# OnePlus Log Kit
com.oplus.logkit

# OnePlus Multi App
com.oplus.multiapp

# OnePlus NHS (Network Health Service)
com.oplus.nhs

# OnePlus OCS
com.oplus.ocs

# OnePlus OLC
com.oplus.olc

# OnePlus OMOJI
com.oplus.omoji

# OnePlus ONET
com.oplus.onet

# OnePlus Portrait
com.oplus.portrait

# OnePlus Postman Service
com.oplus.postmanservice

# OnePlus Quality Protect
com.oplus.qualityprotect

# OnePlus Safe Center
com.oplus.safecenter

# OnePlus SAU Helper
com.oplus.sauhelper

# OnePlus Security Permission
com.oplus.securitypermission

# OnePlus Smart Engine
com.oplus.smartengine

# OnePlus SOS
com.oplus.sos

# OnePlus Statistics ROM
com.oplus.statistics.rom

# OnePlus STD ID
com.oplus.stdid

# OnePlus STD SP
com.oplus.stdsp

# OnePlus Synergy
com.oplus.synergy

# OnePlus Traffic Monitor
com.oplus.trafficmonitor

# OnePlus UI Engine
com.oplus.uiengine